= RightAgent

= DESCRIPTION

== Synopsis

RightAgent provides a foundation for running an agent on a server to interface
in a secure fashion with other agents in the RightScale system. A RightAgent
uses RabbitMQ as the message bus and the RightScale mapper as the routing node.
Servers running a RightAgent establish a queue on startup for receiving packets
routed to it via the mapper. The packets are structured to invoke services in
the agent represented by actors and methods. The RightAgent may respond to these
requests with a result packet that the mapper then routes to the originator.
Similarly a RightAgent can also make requests of other RightAgents in the
RightScale system.

Refer to the wiki (https://github.com/rightscale/right_agent/wikis) for up-to-date
documentation.

Also use the built-in issues tracker (https://github.com/rightscale/right_agent/issues)
to report issues.

== Interface

A RightAgent exposes its services via actors and methods that are invoked by requests
packets it receives via its message queue. All RightAgents have a general purpose actor
named agent_manager that provides the following services:

* <b>agent_manager/ping</b>: Respond with basic status information to indicate that active
* <b>agent_manager/stats</b>: Retrieve statistics about agent operation
* <b>agent_manager/set_log_level</b>: Change log level of agent
* <b>agent_manager/execute</b>: Eval code in context of agent
* <b>agent_manager/connect</b>: Connect agent to additional broker or reconnect it to one
* <b>agent_manager/disconnect</b>: Disconnect agent from broker

RightAgent comes with several library modules for forming basic command line tools:

* <b>agent_deployer</b>: Build a configuration file for running the agent (rad tool)
* <b>agent_controller</b>: Manage an agent that has been configured (rnac tool)
* <b>stats_manager</b>: Display operation statistics for an agent (rstat tool)
* <b>log_level_manager</b>: Retrieve and set log level for an agent (rlog tool)

== Supported Configuration

RightAgent has been tested on EC2 instances running CentOS 5.2 and Ubuntu 8.10.

== Work in Progress

RightAgent is work in progress, expect more documentation and examples in the near future.

= ADDITIONAL RESOURCES

* [1] RabbitMQ is http://www.rabbitmq.com/documentation.html

= LICENSE

<b>RightAgent</b>

Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2011 RightScale, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
