= RightInfrastructureAgent

= DESCRIPTION

== Synopsis

RightInfrastructureAgent provides the foundation for RightScale infrastructure
servers that connect into the RightScale system via the RabbitMQ message bus.
It extends RightAgent in configuration, monitoring, and packet handling areas
as needed generically by infrastructure servers.

== Interface

A RightInfrastructureAgent exposes its services via actors and methods that are
invoked by requests packets it receives via its message queue. The actors
provided are specific to the given agent.

RightInfrastructureAgent comes with several library modules for forming basic
command line tools:

* <b>infrastructure_agent_deployer</b>: Build configuration file for running an agent (rad tool)
* <b>infrastructure_agent_controller</b>: Manage an agent that has been configured (rnac tool)
* <b>infrastructure_stats_manager</b>: Display operation statistics for an agent (rstat tool)

== Supported Configuration

RightInfrastructureAgent has been tested on EC2 instances running CentOS 5.2 and Ubuntu 8.10.

== Work in Progress

RightInfrastructureAgent is work in progress.

= ADDITIONAL RESOURCES

* [1] RabbitMQ is http://www.rabbitmq.com/documentation.html

= LICENSE

<b>RightAgent</b>

Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2011 RightScale, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
